[Music]
what are we fighting over
a babe yeah we're fighting over no yes
come on now
my babe chris all that matters is the
babe saw that and she knew that we loved
her enough
the babe oh this is like she's gonna
keep a picture
both of you in a locket and she's going
to look at that locket while she
her husband she doesn't really love her
beautiful husband
that she doesn't love her beautiful
wonderful husband
get away you'll never catch me oh god
he's coming this way
you know what i'll do the old looty
dudes they could play play reverse
psychology
you beat the [__] [__] out of me ah
yeah
oh oh my gosh my eyeball that's a good
angle
yeah when you're facing the camera it's
weird because your controls are like
backwards
oh god no oh
you got me no okay that's a little son
of a [__] first win
an
you killed your foe with honor you
slayed him
with mercy with mercy oh
this this is a fun looking level
yeah this one's [__] sick that fan
turns on we start flying wait really
it becomes like crouching tiger hidden
dragon [__] no
no please guys please guys please
i didn't do nothing i didn't do nothing
please no
i told you i done told you we need to
make sure we don't fall down in the
wrong space
when it turns off this is so
my cool oh my god
oh where the [__] are you zach how did
you get down there i fell when the fan
fell apart
you son of a [__] and when the fan fell
apart the world fell apart
that was the last we ever saw no
no oh god oh god chris is about to get
ripped apart the [__] i am no what
what happened where am i
you're catching up to me you son of a
bee
since he was one inch tall and now he's
fully grown
who's one inch yeah tomorrow was in a
vet tomorrow was in a vat when
i got a feeling this is all gonna fall
apart this is quite the view up here
though isn't it
it's pretty cool oh [__]
no you gotta leave this tile beneath me
you gotta leave me bee yeah fight me on
the silly ice cream man
oh god oh god this is scary
can't keep getting away with it yeah
chris just won the whole match
all right it's the i like this arena a
lot
even though this is like my least
favorite one yeah this one's just
vanilla as [__] [__] [__] you oh
you made me lose my favorite [__] hat
oh god please leave me alone
and blue your please is now my blue
brain
full of blue thoughts i'm forgetting all
of it
eiffel 65 or whatever that miserable
i was not knocked out tomorrow i was
just waiting for the opportune moment
oh i had you there [__] i love it when
you land a hit it's so sweet
yes like that don't worry you can't do
that cory go down
decidedly into the night
oh no tomorrow what have i done to wrong
you
yo you
[Applause]
[__] i can't get you i can't do it i'm
scared you never will you'll never win
and i will i will win for my family
please
let me see my eyeball character
you know he's got like a bunch of
eyeballs to feed there we go
punch punch buttons get the [__]
out i can't get you off of here i can't
i'll never let go of yourself
this is so [__] crazy
it's great when there's like four people
grabbing each other as well what is
happening to me
land the [__] hit there we go we need
to break through these [__] how do
you break through these
these little things oh [__] you did it
chris you're dead
you [__]
i hate their little noises all right you
little lamb before time little foot
[__] come on let me before
where's the land before time
[__] come on
[__] rocks oh no
not me my iconic necklace oh my god
it's dirty you would be oh what why okay
[Music]
i think the giant wrestling eyeball
realized the pearl necklace may have
been a disadvantage because people could
grab onto it
[__] the pearl necklace it's like
it's my pro necklaces [__]
nice so are you your little guy looks
just like
those [__] aviators is that new the
what
no i always said the aviators these
little aviators he takes them off when
he goes maximum tomorrow
well that's what he does in real life as
well when he feels like ourselves oh
we're all in the elevator this time
waited closer
towards fully goes great in real life
[__] i don't want to be stuck in here
with you guys
oh [__] no you're not stuck in here
get out of here you big latino cream
cake whatever the [__]
i'm in state you will go
get out of here [__] just going for
lulu
did you fall beneath the staircase i was
on the staircase and the whole thing
just fell
off guys be careful here
yeah maybe i'm gonna try to climb up out
of it
can you why not
oh weiner ah it knocks you out
geez oh oh god you get whoa
knockout yeah i got slapped in the face
with a wiener
oh [__]
dude this game is amazing they got
wiener physics oh god
oh [__] can we get out of here
i think we can oh you could sure as hell
try
are we gripping a wiener most foul i
think one of us i think you are
i think what did you say i think they
would take it out to the other one okay
what's going on down there you have to
stop this wiener i'm trying to get out
chris try to get out and move the
wheeler into the hole
in the void where are you guys you'll
never find us
on the other side yeah you got to knock
this wiener down
on the right side block oh god i'm gonna
fall oh there he goes
there he goes
[Laughter]
i can't believe you were hanging onto
that wiener i mean tomorrow was hanging
onto it mostly i was hanging on the
table i'm pretty sure i was
i was saying on delisle and he was late
on to the week no i'm pretty sure you if
anyone were touching the wiener and i
wasn't touching the wiener
wait that was it i thought it was a five
round maybe i didn't think yeah
so you want to stop no no i want to keep
going because nobody touched the wiener
in fact me and tomorrow were just
touching each other's hands
that's heterosexual friends we were
shaking hands and we were saying
i respect you as a platonic male friend
that is toad's fair i'm sorry
and that's how we didn't follow the
winner was yeah all right
i'm a big fan of the fan level
oh god this fan is scary
oh look obviously this is not gonna end
well for either of us get off of me
dude i'm safe
oh god i felt like you submitted it i'm
just punching you unconscious in midair
oh [__] hey i don't see it wake up
it's time to wake up no you woke up last
second
get out of off of zach that there a
precarious place to be
i'm trying to like make it break but you
can get out if you wait till the fads
turn on until the fans
i got too scared this is what's going to
happen if you come up here lyle
chris you can punch his hand up right
now this is just beating up that guard
die you're going to fall if you keep
doing that
uh-huh check this out you know
i could i swear they changed the way
that climbing works in this game
yeah i feel like if i haven't mastered
that yet how do you pull yourself up
right there
[__] you it's like you hold it it's some
combination of
like holding a and then like pressing
right and left it's like that [__]
foot race game where every button is a
different part of the leg yeah yeah like
co-op yeah yeah yeah
exactly yes uh-oh all right we take to
the skies now
we're flying this is where it gets real
come on
come on i did it i did it i got you [__]
oh no oh god [__]
dude it's time to die brother
[Laughter]
you went down and you survived
here we go okay [__] you time to die
i mean you kind of create them by
accident yeah and it's good
it's true and it's good
you [__] you no why did you do this
that was great what happened to the
truck level
we still haven't gotten a truck oh yeah
kind of [__] sucked but i haven't
seen it oh
god he's holding on to your brain yes
i tried to jump back up and knock you
down it didn't work oh this one again
so it's just you and me then this again
huh
this again huh how the [__] did you do
that
no yeah
come on i'm sorry lyle that was mean it
was kind of the meanest [__] ever
i actually don't know how you did that
you like [__] fully like
flipped me off [__]
well what that doesn't count well
please this is a dangerous place to
fight you guys we should go somewhere
better
let's let's fight it all yeah why do we
have to fight even what's the point
no
i was gonna say that wasn't even a death
that's just another
floor haha i'm breaking stuff you'll
never catch me
yeah yeah you'll never forget me
you'll never [__] get me yeah you
[__] fell
for it
[__] this is the tomer effect you're
breaking it all
ah no no tommy no please you remember
we're friends
[Laughter]
time to go you always pull off my
[__] hat
i ripped your head off what are you
gonna do rip your eyeball off you son of
a [__]
[Laughter]
it's not nice to have your hat ripped
off it was a dome
[Applause]
[Laughter]
i love your little guy he's so cute yeah
he's good
he's a good man get down here you can't
go up there
holy holy [__] it up
oh god no no what would happen
oh [__] i came too lyle grab chris and
pull down
no i'm just trying to help you
your beautiful little left hand a lot of
people know about lyle's more iconic
tattoos but they don't know he's got a
tattoo of richard nixon on his spine
uh his spine that would hurt what the
hell oh [__]
um all right all right what the hell
the pressure snapped the remaining one
oh this is the best level oh this is
chris's favorite
yeah it looks different though they've
like made the trucks better it does look
different
oh [__] exactly
[__] you guys
chris is still holding on on the other
truck i think i got the [__] i
think i got back i did it
yeah [__] yeah yeah
oh thing to fight on the buildings again
oh [__]
please let me go this isn't [__]
worth it it's a tomar
well see you see you later
i hate this level
you'll never come back
i love this [__] yay you're not going to
risk stepping on these boards
are you jump jump and punch him oh [__]
oh
where did you go oh god dude maybe lyle
will kill himself by accident
no one of you guys will fall first
actually i'm okay down here
oh [__] hold on get oh my god
all right you [__] let's get the
hell why why would you do this
[Laughter]
[Music]
i like the grindy level it's very
satisfying to watch them get pulled down
and [__]
murdered yeah it's actually [__]
metal
play a cool metal riff
thank you let's go no no
wow into the spaghetti with you it got
you by the trigger
oh my god you're scaring me [__] get in
there
sometimes when lyle gets drunk he does
that voice that's what he that's that's
the real oh my god
hmm get off of me interesting
there he goes
i'm
got you by the beard yeah oh [__]
he's got me in a badass angle yes here
we go
[__] [__] dude
right there grab
yeah this pipe is my new weapon what are
you gonna try to hit them
hit the wrong thing try and use it to my
advantage
oh give me the pipe oh are you kidding
are you back he's going tomorrow
remember the secrets
the ancient sense i talk if you jump you
can get back up
oh come on yeah there you go yeah you
should have [__] stayed where you
were
two more
[Applause]
oh my god i can't believe i got to see
our hero tomorrow finally defeat the
great threat
now zach needs to get a win and we'll
have a perfect staircase
yeah can't you drive try i'll really
really try can't you try this one time
for me i really try and i really really
try
come get me dick oh
didn't i i psyched you actually i didn't
really do anything
[__]
why does my head have to clip through my
beanie all the time
no no no come on come on
oh i got you by one arm you son of a
[__]
oh this thing breaks we got to get off
this thing yeah no we're going
to be breaking it's breaking it's
breaking break
[Laughter]
chris just [__] won again there's
[__] rocks at this game dude
[__] oh a little pole dance oh i did it
hooray for me the chris boy all of us
i'm sorry brother i am ready say like
spongebob here we go
three wins takes the match tomorrow you
be uh squidward
and uh lyle will be uh spongebob and
zach will be
uh mrs okay
hello hey wait who am i spongebob
who are you good old rick or plankton
whichever you're more comfortable
[Laughter]
okay uh i'm planted hello
i don't know how to do it
i've been collecting your [__] for the
last 26 years
you're a narcissist i think you're a
little bit of a sociopath to tell you
that
i'm just going to die like innocence
that's why i collect your
i couldn't make the leap oh [__] oh god
how do i how do i oh can i oh
oh you bastard that was great we did it
earlier but let's do it again
we'll all each of us will say a new
super smash brothers character oh
but but but we'll put a cool reverb on
it it'll sound just like it's in the
game all right okay
abraham lincoln
nonce hunter george h.w
bush onision's lawyer
i haven't said one but i can't i'm not
good at thinking of clever things
austin jones does trying too hard to oh
uh oprah christopher reeve
host accident christopher reeve
thought it was him in superman
[Laughter]
my eyeball fell up the lady who got her
face ripped off by a chimp
a chip
what about the chip that's
whoever owns google i do i do love all
those old photoshop pictures like 2002
where it's like icarly versus
goku it's like these characters are not
in the [__] game
my own father whoa hey
yo i'm here you guys i'm here
get off we don't want you what the [__]
no oh my god come get some chris
myself
did i i'm coming i'm coming oh you
better get off of there tomorrow
that's not going to work too much yeah
it's not going to work
are you kidding me you're a genius
that's not fun that's not
that's not allowed epstein
i would like to write a cordial letter
paragraph one
a blue blue blue
jill and maxwell
falling down the stairs you're going to
go ah [__] take him out take him out
take him off [__] you i got you
[__]
ah no oh no
yay check this out uh oh don't jump jump
when you get to it
it's so satisfying to watch i know hey
get off of this red truck you do know
we're trying to transport
[__] testing equipment for covid
right i'm gonna take it all for myself
and test more times than anyone
oh this is you this is bad lyle
what do we even do here we we live chris
oh [__]
i don't know where i am and i don't know
where you are all i know is i'm getting
up
slowly but surely oh [__] don't die well
that's too far i really thought i was
doing good zack's gonna do his thing i'm
gonna do this
oh [__] you man get off
oh my god there he is he's looking over
look i'm figuring out climbing
no get off of that you just [__]
entered that chuck
walking into seinfeld's apartment there
is no way i'm getting to you you have to
jump off
no no you have to jump off if i may get
back onto this truck
you did it i deserve points for that
alone
you don't deserve anything the editor
give him like 50 points
thank you editor take it away because he
[__] up
[Laughter]
here he goes wow good job zach the
thought of it
i mean i don't give myself a pat on the
back for that one but thank you it
really does mean a lot when i hear these
things in these trying times
you know with all the family stuff that
i've been telling you all about and all
the stuff that goes in my life and all
the diagnoses and the covet stuff
i've really been going through a bad
time lately so every time you give me
points on any planes
it really does mean a lot
oh [__] yes all right
hey hey oh god that's scary you're like
the terminator right now get off of this
get off no you're a [__] bastard how
did you do that even
upper body stroll i could do it again
wait oh [__] uh oh
oh you [__] zach are you still
hanging onto the wheel well
yes oh [__] oh there he is
sexier [__] no miss me
no yeah
just double tap a wait no no not before